Updated documents, fixed English Translation (#1400)
Ralim/IronOS: Documentation/GettingStarted.md

![Home Screen](/Documentation/images/HomeScreen.png)

Note that this may be drawn mirrored depending on the orientation of your screen (detailed mode shows a different home screen).

The soldering iron symbol on the screen will appear near the tip. This is here to indicate that pressing the button closest to the front of the iron will enter soldering mode.

And naturally, the spanner like icon represents that pressing the button near the rear of the soldering iron will enter the settings menu.

In the settings, you can turn on a detailed idle screen instead. The buttons still function the same, however, the image will be swapped for a text telling you the current status of the iron with extra details.

> Depending on how your device is being powered, at right side of the screen, the firmware will either show the voltage your unit is being provided with, a battery icon (if battery mode is enabled) or a power plug icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how your device is being powered, on the right side of the screen the firmware will either show the voltage your unit is being provided with, a battery icon (if battery mode is enabled) or a power plug icon.
```

> If you see an (**X**) where the soldering iron should be, this indicates that the firmware can't see the tip connected. This could indicate a problem with the iron or tip. First, try removing the tip screw and tip and gently reinstalling both; ensure that the tip is seated all the way back. If the issue persists please see the [hardware issues section](/Documentation/HardwareIssues.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a crossed out tip instead of only a tip, this indicates that the firmware can't see the tip connected. This could indicate a problem with the iron or tip if there is one inserted. First, try removing and reinstalling the tip; ensure that the tip is seated all the way back. If the issue persists please see the [hardware issues section](/Documentation/HardwareIssues.md).
```
The sentence does not make much sense, as long as you remove the ***'if part'*** of that sentence.
How can your device know if your tip has a problem, if the tip is not inserted.

Not every device supporting IronOS uses a screw to fasten the tip.

Simply picking up or moving the iron will wake it back up into soldering mode. You can also press any button and this will also wake the iron up.

#### Optional Hall Effect Feature (Pinecil only):

> Pinecil has an unpopulated footprint (U14) for a hall effect sensor (Si7210-B-00-IV). Adding the sensor and placing a neodymium magnet on the holder stand will trigger Pinecil to sleep after it enters the stand, and Zzzz will appear on-screen. The magnet is positioned on the stand in proximity to the sensor/handle which then activates one of 10 user defined settings (0=off, 1=lowest sensitivity, 9=highest sensitivity). Read the Hall Sensor document for [details on installation](/Documentation/HallSensor.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pinecil has an unpopulated footprint (U14) for a hall effect sensor (Si7210-B-00-IV). Adding the sensor and placing a neodymium magnet on the mounting stand will put Pinecil to sleep when placed in the stand. Meanwhile, Zzzz is displayed on the screen. The magnet is positioned on the stand in proximity to the sensor/handle which then activates one of 10 user defined settings (0=off, 1=lowest sensitivity, 9=highest sensitivity). Read the Hall Sensor document for [details on installation](/Documentation/HallSensor.md).
```
